docs: add note about Go version bumps (#4451)
cometbft/cometbft: CONTRIBUTING.md

need. Instead of running `go get -u=patch`, which will update anything, specify
exactly the dependency you want to update.

> Do not bump the major Go version in a patch release (i.e. v0.34.x, v0.37.x,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not bump the major Go version in a patch release (namely, `v0.34.x`, `v0.37.x`,
```

> v0.38.x branches) unless there's a very good reason to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`v0.38.x` branches) unless there's a pressing reason to do so (e.g., known security vulnerabilities).
```

Reviewer: So we are purportedly not including `v1.x` here, right? I agree.
